Hey everyone, we're from the Posit Support team and we're going to show you how to run,
in this case a Shiny application on Workbench through the Linux command line.
So this can be particularly useful when you're troubleshooting an issue and you want to figure
out if it's a Workbench problem or a problem with your underlying R installation of the Linux server.
So you'll see we have this Shiny app that we can just run, which works.
Now, if we were to run this via the Linux command line, we need to run R and preload the command here,
which is so you run R interactively and you specify path to the Shiny application,
in which case it's in our user's home directory for the demo and the project is called Demo Shiny.
If we run that, we'll see we'll get a listening on port and we can just type this into the web browser.
And when we do that, we should see that the app runs as expected.
So if we're running into issues with the app on either Workbench or the Linux command line,
so we know where to troubleshoot further or where we can go, whether to focus on the Workbench side or focus on the Linux side.